Dark theme, 1 of 20 included in Free.
Midnight theme, 2 of 20 included in Free.
Aurora theme, 3 of 20 included in Free.
Sunset theme, 4 of 20 included in Free.
Nebula theme, 5 of 20 included in Free.
Forest theme, 6 of 20 included in Free.
Ocean theme, 7 of 20 included in Free.
Ember theme, 8 of 20 included in Free.
Rose Gold theme, 9 of 20 included in Free.
Nord theme, 10 of 20 included in Free.
Dracula theme, 11 of 20 included in Free.
Solarized theme, 12 of 20 included in Free.
Gruvbox theme, 13 of 20 included in Free.
Catppuccin theme, 14 of 20 included in Free.
Tokyo Night theme, 15 of 20 included in Free.
Aubergine theme, 16 of 20 included in Free.
Crimson theme, 17 of 20 included in Free.
OLED theme, 18 of 20 included in Free.
Light theme, 19 of 20 included in Free.
Contrast theme, 20 of 20 included in Free.
Blue accent on Nord.
Purple accent on Nord.
Green accent on Nord.
Orange accent on Nord.
Pink accent on Nord.
Teal accent on Nord.
Red accent on Nord.
Gold accent on Nord.
Cyan accent on Nord.
Magenta accent on Nord.